[shopsys] Extract "Domain, Multidomain, Multilanguage" documentation into a separated article (#768)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/introduction/how-to-set-up-domains-and-locales.md

# How to Set Up Domains and Locales (Languages)

This article describes how to work with domains and languages during the development of your project.

> Please read first what [domain, multidomain and multilanguage](domain-multidomain-multilanguage.md) means.

Reviewer: I suggest rephrasing it a little bit :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
For an explanation of the basic terms, please read [domain, multidomain and multilanguage](domain-multidomain-multilanguage.md) article first.
```
